The warrior of the sky, the friend of the people
If you put your heart into one
You can fix the evil beast
There is a statue of something in the sky
It's swaying, swaying, swaying, and never stops
It's like a rock that's about to take my blood
It's like a rock that's about to fall
The warrior of the sky, the friend of the people
If you put your heart into one
William Hew pressure
You shouldened to be divided into three members
in order torange for stimulus.
This house has a interrupted lion-nymi
and the dark of the ground is the advent of death.
The Kontos white formal sense
My soil is pristine debe1
I stand alone with my father
Thereㅠs a ringing voice